two
hello everyone and welcome to vieri
tomorrow I will be doing a
series of videos regarding the process of
how to apply makeup step by step
name of this video is the step of what
that we are right now but if
you want to see the full list you can
click on this link in another way
we continue now let's apply
our blog and I'm going to use this brush
of elf is the complexion brass and
you definitely want the brush
with which I applied it is thus great and
be a vital sponge because you do not want
to see something very definite something like that
little one like this if they realize
the difference this is going to make it look
pretty definite and maybe if you get
brush if you have left a marked
side and with a larger brush
obviously you are going to prevent that
happen and what we're going to do is give it
touches of the blog
always always always always
remember that you have to be
always always because you do not say that
As I said, you do not want it to stay that way
a brand of blogs like this completely
obvious you always want your blog to look
natural and if you still feel that you
was a little bit you can also this
remove the excess by patting
towards the back of your hand
and what you're going to do is that you're going to
smile only to find what
are your little apples leave your cheeks and
if you still feel that still not the
you can find use the handle of the
brush and put it in half what it is to the
half of your eye like that and from that half is
where out is where you're going to want
apply your plus you will not want
apply it very close to your nose and the
why I say that you smile is
so you can find it easier
but you do not want to do it either very
down because then they'll see you
this cheeks like falls and that's
what does not want the purpose of
makeup is always lifting your face and
Another way to know is by putting your finger
index here in the apple of your cheek
and taking your thumb to your
ears to the edge of your ear and
pull your index finger up and that
line that I form is the one that wants to follow
to accentuate your class
so that 's how I'm going to do it
and I'm going to apply it up
Always up
and I'm doing it with little taps for
so that there is not a mark left in a single
place
and since I applied the amount I want
then I'm going to this one like who says
sweep or carry up with the
brush
and I do not know if they realize but I 'm not
pressing I'm doing it right
gentle because this way you're going to
get the most natural look
and we're going to do the same thing on the other side
and that's how we end this step if
you want to see the full video list
you can click on this link
I am nashville babe and eggs and
Thanks for joining me